MTA-3416: Adding requirements for Java analyzer and discovery task (#32)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/mta-requirements-for-java-analyzer.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * docs/web-console-guide/master.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="mta-requirements-for-java-analyzer_{context}"]
= Adding minimum requirements for Java analyzer and discovery

There is a minimum required for the Java analyzer, and as a result, the  discovery task.

> The minimum requirement is 1.5 GiB. However, this minimum requirement is not unadvisable. The suggested requirement is a minimum of 2 GiB.

Reviewer: "is not unadvisable"?

I don't think this makes sense. I would just say the recommended and default option is 2GiB, but could be lowered to 1.5GiB though not recommended.

> The minimum requirement is 1.5 GiB. However, this minimum requirement is not unadvisable. The suggested requirement is a minimum of 2 GiB.

Author: ```suggestion
The suggested requirement is a default minimum of 2 GiB. 

The minimum requirement can be lowered to  1.5 GiB. However, this minimum requirement is not recommended. 
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * docs/web-console-guide/master.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="mta-requirements-for-java-analyzer_{context}"]
= Adding minimum requirements for Java analyzer and discovery

There is a minimum requirement for the Java analyzer, and also the discovery task, which by default is set to 2 GiB.

> While this minimum requirement can be lowered to  1.5 GiB, it is not recommended.

Author: ```suggestion
While this minimum requirement can be lowered to 1.5 GiB, it is not recommended.
```

There is a minimum required for the Java analyzer, and as a result, the  discovery task.

The suggested requirement is a default minimum of 2 GiB. 

The minimum requirement can be lowered to  1.5 GiB. However, this minimum requirement is not recommended. 

> This minimum requirement can be set in `provider_java_container_limits_memory` and `provider_java_container_requests_memory` options in the Tackle custom resource.

Reviewer 2: The minimum requirement is already set to 2GB if you would like to increase, you can change the values, or something like that. 

I would suggest also that we say something like "to gurantee scheduling has the correct space, requests and limits should be the same.

Author: Updated
